feat(iotda): add resource to manage device asynchronous command deliver (#5800)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/iotda_device_async_command.md

  **9bc34xxxxx.st1.iotda-app.ap-southeast-1.myhuaweicloud.com**, then you need to configure the
  `provider` block as follows:

  ```hcl
  provider "huaweicloud" {
    endpoints = {
      iotda = "https://9bc34xxxxx.st1.iotda-app.ap-southeast-1.myhuaweicloud.com"
    }
  }
  ```

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "device_id"{}
variable "send_strategy"{}

resource "huaweicloud_iotda_device_async_command" "test" {
  device_id     = var.device_id
  send_strategy = var.send_strategy
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.
  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `device_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the ID of the device to which the command is delivered.
  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `send_strategy` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the delivery policy.
  The valid values are as follows:
  + **immediately**: The command is delivered immediately.
  + **delay**: The command is cached and delivered after the device reports data or goes online.
  

>   Defaults to **delay**. Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

Reviewer: It seems that the required fields have no default values.

* `service_id` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the ID of the device service to which the device command belongs,
  which is defined in the product model associated with the device.
  This parameter is mandatory if the device requires codecs to parse commands.
  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `name` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the command name, which is defined in the product model
  associated with the device.
  This parameter is mandatory if the device requires codecs to parse commands.
  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `paras` - (Optional, Map, ForceNew) Specifies the command executed by the device.
  If `service_id` is specified, each key is the parameter in commands in the product model.

>   If `service_id` is left empty, the key can custom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If `service_id` is left empty, the key can be customized.
```

  The maximum size of the request object is `256` KB.
  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `expire_time` - (Optional, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the duration of caching commands on the IoT platform.
  This parameter is valid only when `send_strategy` is set to **delay**. The unit is second.

>   If `expire_time` is set to **0** or not specified, the command is cached for 24 hours (`86,400` seconds) by default,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If `expire_time` is set to **0** or not specified, the command is cached for ·24· hours (`86,400` seconds) by default,
```
